We had a quarrel, here we are,
It’s not me who secretly gives me a hand,
In the future, he will make some secret schemes.
Are you asking for a story?
Okay, I didn’t tell you before,
Let’s get together and don’t make trouble at home during this time.
Good light, this simple man is not only allowed to enter our old home, forget it,
This, my Xiangli, you tell me whether I should punish him.
You didn’t believe me once. I really didn’t steal the link.
I don't know why, your link appears in my bag.
I don't think Xiaoxi, this child, looks like a head-destroying thing.
None found
More means less, so you let him go, dad.
I know you are happy
Save him for stealing things
should get the due interview
Otherwise, how will your mother manage things in the future?
Four days is right
You are just too worried
It’s different if you insist on pursuing it like this
Monitoring the affairs of the Gu family
How would you know if you don’t come and see it?
But what are you doing for four days?